Update tracesSampler docs about returning null (#292)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/performance.mdx

Optionally, the `tracesSampler` callback can also return a boolean to force a sampling decision (with `false` equivalent to `0.0` and `true` equivalent to `1.0`). If returning two different datatypes isn't an option in the implementing language, this possibility can safely be omitted.

> Optionally, the `tracesSampler` callback can also return `null` causing SDK to fallback to a sample rate set with `tracesSampleRate` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, in some SDKs, the `tracesSampler` callback can also return `null` causing it to behave like not having the callback at all. For example using the sample rate set with `tracesSampleRate` property and inheriting the sampling decision of a trace.
```
